# Kapeta Readme
This file contains some structural information about this service.

This file will be overwritten every time you change the service definition in Kapeta.

## Folder Structure
This service is structured as follows:

### Generated files
All files in the following folders are generated by Kapeta - and should not be edited manually.
* ```src/.generated/config```: Contains your configuration entities
* ```src/.generated/data```: Contains anything related to databases
* ```src/.generated/entities```: Contains the public entities used by the service.
* ```src/.generated/rest```: Contains REST API routes.

### Editable files
All other files are editable - and will not be overwritten by Kapeta unless explictly mentioned in the file.

* ```src/service```: Contains the service layer logic. This is where you should add your business logic

### Path alias for generated files

To import generated files you can use the following path alias:
```typescript
import { MyEntity } from 'generated:entities/MyEntity';
```

## REST API 
To edit the REST API handlers edit the services found here:
* [src/service/KeyValueRouteService.tsx](src/service/KeyValueRouteService.tsx)

These are generated as TSX files to make it simple to render emails using JSX syntax.

The service files will only be generated if they don't already exist - or if they have not
changed since the last time they were generated.

### Errors
To throw an error with a specific HTTP status code from a REST API handler - use the following code:
```ts
import { RESTError } from '@kapeta/sdk-rest-route';
throw new RESTError('User not found', 404);
```
or simply:
```ts
someHandler(req:Request, res:Response) {
    res.sendError('User not found', 404);
}
```

Any exceptions thrown that are not RESTError will be converted to a 500 error.

All errors will be formatted as JSON - with the following structure:
```json
{
    "error": "My error message"
}
```






